# SellingPartnerApiForReplenishment.GetSellingPartnerMetricsResponseMetric

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**notDeliveredDueToOOS** | **Number** | The percentage of items that were not shipped out of the total shipped units over a period of time due to being out of stock. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**totalSubscriptionsRevenue** | **Number** | The revenue generated from subscriptions over a period of time. Applicable for both the PERFORMANCE and FORECAST timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**shippedSubscriptionUnits** | **Number** | The number of units shipped to the subscribers over a period of time. Applicable for both the PERFORMANCE and FORECAST timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**activeSubscriptions** | **Number** | The number of active subscriptions present at the end of the period. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**subscriberAverageRevenue** | **Number** | The average revenue per subscriber of the program over a period of past 12 months for sellers and 6 months for vendors. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**nonSubscriberAverageRevenue** | **Number** | The average revenue per non-subscriber of the program over a period of past 12 months for sellers and 6 months for vendors. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**lostRevenueDueToOOS** | **Number** | The revenue that would have been generated had there not been out of stock. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**subscriberAverageReorders** | **Number** | The average reorders per subscriber of the program over a period of 12 months. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**nonSubscriberAverageReorders** | **Number** | The average reorders per non-subscriber of the program over a period of past 12 months. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**couponsRevenuePenetration** | **Number** | The percentage of revenue from ASINs with coupons out of total revenue from all ASINs. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**revenueFromSubscriptionsWithMultipleDeliveries** | **Number** | The subscription revenue generated from subscriptions with over two deliveries over the past 12 months. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**revenueFromActiveSubscriptionsWithSingleDelivery** | **Number** | The subscription revenue generated from active subscriptions with one delivery over the past 12 months. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**revenueFromCancelledSubscriptionsAfterSingleDelivery** | **Number** | The subscription revenue generated from subscriptions which are cancelled after one delivery over the past 12 months. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**subscriberRetentionFor30Days** | **Number** | The percentage of subscriptions retained after 30 days of subscription creation. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**subscriberRetentionFor90Days** | **Number** | The percentage of subscriptions retained after 90 days of subscription creation. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**revenuePenetrationFor0PercentSellerFunding** | **Number** | The percentage of subscription revenue generated by offers with 0% seller-funded discount over the last 12 months. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**revenuePenetrationFor5PercentSellerFunding** | **Number** | [Applicable only for Sellers] The percentage of subscription revenue generated by offers with 5% seller-funded discount over the last 12 months. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**revenuePenetrationFor10PercentSellerFunding** | **Number** | [Applicable only for Sellers] The percentage of subscription revenue generated by offers with 10% seller-funded discount over the last 12 months. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**revenuePenetrationFor5PlusPercentSellerFunding** | **Number** | [Applicable only for vendors] The percentage of subscription revenue generated by offers with 5% or above seller-funded discount over the last 12 months. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**shareOfCouponSubscriptions** | **Number** | The percentage of new subscriptions acquired through coupons. Applicable to PERFORMANCE timePeriodType. | [optional] 
**timeInterval** | [**TimeInterval**](TimeInterval.md) |  | [optional] 
**currencyCode** | **String** | The currency code in ISO 4217 format. | [optional] 


